um
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
Keep it clean.
Touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
Sweaty palms.
This is so crazy.
Like goosebumps.
I feel so nervous.
Like what in the world, man?
or behind these shots, right?
This technology that has never been used widely.
None of that is over.
And as Sasha Latifa pointed out this morning, you know, these were military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know?
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Holy cow, that timing was perfect.
Every once in a while I get it right.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's stay focused on the biology today.
Let's not take any of their bait on social media.
Let's just juggle it a little bit.
And let's set out to love our neighbors all weekend.
If you're lucky enough to have a Saturday like it seems like I'm about to have a Friday night like I'm about to have Holy cow, is it gonna be easy for me to stay off of social media?
I think I'll be hanging out in my back garden.
I might even drink a brown clear liquid
which may have aged as long as 12 years.
And in fact, I think this is the only non-compliance that matters.
I hope you are able to take a break from this ridiculousness and enjoy a little bit of now as well.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a mythology used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned, to make sure that virology is never questioned as a science, and to make sure that public health is never questioned as both a reason and an answer.
You can say the same thing about the pandemic illusion.
You can say the same thing about this idea of gain of function, that we can make stuff in our garage that can go around the world.
All of this is an elaborate mythology that still needs to be passed on to our kids.
I gotta push this one away.
I'm not really sure what to do about that.
Mice die in traps that they do not understand.
Somehow I feel like I've got to check this.
I'm getting a voicemail message, so I'm just going to check that really quick.
It could possibly be a neighbor, I guess.
I mean, you know, it's possible that a neighbor could be calling me right now.
I don't think that's very likely, but it is a local number.
So let me see, just a minute.
They are recording a voicemail.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
It's July 11th, 2025.
It's Friday.
I hope you can find a little relaxation in the show today.
It's nothing, we're not going to cover the crap.
There's a lot of crap to cover.
But I just want to recommend a few friends.
First, my friend in Boston, Massachusetts, fellow American Mark Kulak at HousatonicITS.com.
Please follow his work, check his work out.
Wow, it's a long voicemail.
I hope it's not about a chicken being out or something like that.
Also, I would like to
I would like to talk to you about this Substack, biologyphenomenonphenom.substack.com.
I want to recommend it.
I'm going to give a shout out to the author of this today because I got a little heads up on the Debbie Sridhar tip.
And so I thought I'd start with that.
interesting going to the Red Pill Expo.
I was not asked to present at this Red Pill Expo.
The truth shall set you free.
I'm absolutely certain of it.
I really am.
And I do think that biology is one pair of sunglasses you definitely gotta own.
In this day and age, you gotta own it yourself.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you're interested in having a sticker for your car or your water bottle, a clear one,
Or a tactical patch to put on your favorite gun bag.
Maybe your golf bag has a velcro area.
Also, some people wear these tactical coats that have velcro patches all over the place.
I don't know anybody like that of course.
But I made a few patches because I know guys that have velcro things on their stuff.
I don't have any of that.
Anyway, this is a message from America to the world, but especially to my fellow Americans, because I think we have to get our shit together.
And I think we can still do it.
And the internet being still kind of, sort of free, at least from the perspective of you can send emails.
I think there's still a way for you to stay focused on the biology, to not take their bait on social media, and to love your neighbor.
See that focus?
So, I mean, you really got to just see the focus.
And the focus has to be on the biology.
You got to really think about the root ideas, the root understanding of the stuff that people are talking about.
If you just take it at face value and you don't stay focused.
Look, stay focused.
Stay focused.
If you don't stay focused, then you're going to be distracted by these fools that they get on.
Joe, stay focused.
If you don't stay focused, even the guys that are on Joe Rogan can distract you.
And so we need to teach our kids how to surf this disaster.
And this is a cool example, but look at what it is.
It's an artificial wave.
He's teaching him on an artificial wave.
It's like a safer version of nature, and you cannot see
social media like that.
You gotta see the artificial version of social media being something that they can control.
They have control of the train.
They have control of the water.
They have control of everything.
And so it's a very different scenario if half the surfers on the wave are working against you.
And so every time you try to catch a wave, there are two or three surfers to say, dude, catch another wave, man.
And so that's what happens.
These skilled surfers, these artificially skilled, because the algorithms working against you, they lie against us.
And when you're on that wave down in the bottom, you're in trouble.
As a skilled TV watcher, as a skilled social media user, you are in trouble.
And the only way out is to stay focused.
That's right.
Stay focused and away from the hocus pocus.
Do not take the bait on social media and to love your neighbor.
And loving your neighbor is actually more complicated than you think.
You gotta go and, you know, see them when they're outside in their yard and say hello and ask them how they are and hope they give you an answer.
You gotta have a little genuine interest in people in order to get to know them and, you know, that's what really works.
My grandma used to always say, kill them with kindness.
It's an art.
to not be fake about it, you know, to actually care.
It's something you can teach your kids.
You can set an example.
Yes, I'm sure you just put your address in the chat and you will have a mailbox full of firearms.
Go ahead and do that.
Feel free.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
We are trying to figure out... Holy Moses, I'm not even in there yet.
Hold on one second.
Let me switch over here.
Hoo-ha!
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Good evening, good morning, good night, wherever you are on this great planet.
It is afternoon, sunny afternoon in Pittsburgh.
And it's a little hot in here, but I've got the garage door finally shut in the front so there's no cross breeze anymore.
But that's kind of necessary so that I feel at least a little comfortable with having the back door open.
I'm gonna just pause really quick here and see if I've got some kind of
Recent.
Maybe a voicemail.
Negative.
No voicemail was left.
I don't know really what to do about that.
I don't even see a call there.
What the hell?
Oh no, that would be recent.
I don't recognize... That could actually be... Ah, that could be somebody.
Okay, never mind.
I think I know what that is.
That's a Craigslist adventure that we won't worry about anymore.
Let me turn this down a little bit.
I'm always looking for things that will enhance the table.
And Craigslist can be a place where a bunch of people... It is a place.
Let's just look at it this way.
For a guy like me, Craigslist is a place where people who tried to do something and failed throw away all their really good equipment.
I've gotten cameras that way.
The rig that I use on the deck for Fearless Yoga is actually a rig that I basically assembled.
With craigslist stuff and so you just got to know what you need.
You got to know what works well You got to know what the limitations of things are.
I've got a couple devices on my desk for example that because I was an idiot and collected all of these heat sinks from from computers being thrown away because I was friends with the IT guy you it doesn't matter and
I had all these heat sinks around because I like to use them for... they're back there on my desk now.
I like to use them to hold mail.
They're very handy for that.
And I just went overboard.
I had a whole little box of them.
But it turns out a couple of these pieces of Craigslist things don't work very well for a long period of time because they overheat.
So I just mounted a...
heat sink to both of the bottoms and now they can run all day.
And I've done the same thing with my laptop, you know, and other things here are just, you know, stuff that I've gotten out of the garbage.
I've told you that before.
So I think there's a strategy here for building this free, independent bright web.
And that is people like Joe Marshall, who are not, let's say,
You know, they're focused on the content that they make.
And, you know, you might say, well, you're not focused on the content you make.
But I have been a casually obsessed user of PowerPoint since I started my master's degree, I guess, because
During my master's degree, we were still doing all of our presentations with overhead.
Sometimes I would do an overhead that I had drawn or printed and slide it underneath the rolling continuous piece so that if I had a figure there, for example, I could draw on it and then roll it clean and then draw on it again and roll it clean.
And I used to give presentations like that during my, like journal clubs and things like that during my master's degree already.
And I was already told that, wow, you're really good at this.
And so when I started to learn PowerPoint, it just felt like I was in my sandbox, if you know what I mean.
And so PowerPoint for me has always been something where I have for a while, I think in my early PhD, I probably explored all of the animations to an extent that it was annoying.
And you almost have to do that in some context in order to understand what is annoying and what isn't and how to use things really nicely.
And then, you know, at some point something came along in the functioning of the somebody got smart.
And, you know, the transition between slides is something that you can really use to your advantage if you're clever.
And so that's really the main trick with PowerPoint.
If you're an obsessed user of it, if it's one of those things where you really like it a lot, then it's something you just incorporate.
Maybe that's why, um, you know, some people really like to use StreamYard or really like to do other things.
Um, yeah, I'm live right now.
I mean, you know, it's, if you're in the same house, maybe you would know that I'm live right now.
Um, anyway, let me get over here.
Let me get over here.
So what we're trying to do is figure out how the hell did we get here?
I just wanted to start with this slide again.
I think it occurred to me that I haven't taken a long, in a while, to explain what my backdrop always is.
But my backdrop here are numbers which are derived from CDC numbers from 2013 all the way to 2025, about the beginning of 2025, and then it falls off.
I'm not up to date up to July because you can see the yellow line there at the,
sort of where the audio graphic is.
That graphic doesn't show all the way to July.
So anyway, this is designed to show you, you know, how many people die every week in America.
It is between 50,000 and 60,000.
And then when we got into the pandemic, it was between 60 and 70,000 per week, and it's never really come down.
So the idea to think about what we're trying to think about, what we have been thinking about for the last few years, really, even before I was fired from CHD, maybe even before I started working for CHD, we were already trying to figure out what is the
the timeline?
How do we explain these people being in positions that they were in knowing that they should be podcasting right now?
How could Brett Weinstein in December of 2019 be on his number eight podcast with Sam Harris talking about how when there's a next pandemic that's killing 70% of people who are infected, then that we won't be able to tolerate any anti-vax nonsense.
How is that possible?
How is it possible that somebody like Piper Stover was on a podcast in 2019 in December talking about advanced biology and synthetic life and hyping up the fact that AI and synthetic life in seven years would just be something we'd have to accept with a former ambassador to India?
with ties to the nuclear program, or I don't know, ask Mark Hulak, he knows.
There's so many Indians involved, it's hard for me to keep them all straight.
Shit, it's hard for me to keep just the Indians that I get emails from, never mind all the other ones.
I don't understand.
I don't understand what's going on.
And I'm really trying to figure it out.
I really am.
But I think for sure, one thing for sure that I've learned after being a persistent pain in the ass for the last six years is that these actors were put in place to make sure that the damage from transfection would always be attributed to the novel virus or its spike protein.
That's why they exist.
That's why their coordinated script is so malevolent.
And that's why they were sent to me in triplicates.
All the time, three of them.
Because they play you in groups.
They work on you in groups.
They invite you to something like Steve Kirsch's steering committee.
Ha!
I bet you that didn't even exist.
Except to control people.
Except to bring people into a group of controlled individuals on a controlled narrative.
and bamboozle people into going along with him.
I think they probably got John Bodwin that way.
Although at some point in time, I told John Bodwin he was being used and he freaked out and then told everybody after that that he was, that I had yelled at him on the phone.
Nobody yelled at me like that except for my ex-wife.
So maybe you should take what I'm saying seriously instead of going back to Kevin McKernan and Steve Kirsh and having a sauna together.
Look, ladies and gentlemen, I don't know what to tell you, but I've done so much work that inevitably has revealed these people as witting or unwitting traders, people that are either willing not to care about what's behind the curtain or understand that they are on a boat that we're not on, or they're on a team that we're not on, or they've been promised something that we haven't been promised, and it's probably already been given to them.
They probably already have said, wow, they were right.
Substack is a lot of money.
They were right.
Locals is a lot of money.
Rumble pays great.
Wow, they were right.
These sponsors are awesome.
Having an Amazon book is great.
That's what we're dealing with here.
And until we turn on these people and force them to say things that make sense,
that don't accept the pretenses of the basic narrative, we will never get out.
You gotta start being more aggressive on social media because they are maintaining an illusion of consensus by sticking to the provided script.
They are maintaining it now.
And whether you like it or not, that's the only way out.
If nobody does it but me on X, then it will never switch.
And even if everybody does it on X, it may not switch.
The alternative to that is leaving X and emailing your family and friends who follow Trump and who are on X to get off of X because these people are traitors and show them my videos, why?
It is impossible to explain any of their intellectual positions in 2025 other than with the explanation that they are scripted traitors.
None of them have made any intellectual progress.
Some of them have gone backwards.
And irrespective of how many of these people know my name, have been to my house, have texted my wife, none of them can tell you what I teach.
None of them.
Even when they say it's pretty good biology, they don't tell you what it is.
They don't tell you where you can find it.
So it's very hard to stay focused.
It's very hard not to take the bait on social media if you go on social media.
And it's very, very hard to love your neighbor if you're on social media.
So please don't underestimate.
This scripted bullshit is never going to end until we call it for what it is.
Until we call these people traitors and they're so ashamed that they claim that they're being canceled and they quit.
The problem is, is that our institutions are being hollowed out from within.
We're about to have a mass firing.
Lots of people took early retirement and that's all hidden behind these jokers.
That's what makes these podcasters so terrible is because as they're doing the FDA podcast, they're not telling you that they lost most of the intellectual prowess of the organization over the last six months.
And they're about to lose even more of their manpower.
They're not going to tell you that.
They're going to talk about innovation and radical transparency.
And they're going to talk about it together because they've been practicing that for fricking five years.
And so you can try to stay focused on the biology and not take their bait on social media.
You can try to love your neighbor, but the bottom line is, is we are under attack.
These people were set up in the same year as Brett Weinstein was set up.
And then they had two or three years to get their shit together, two or three years to get settled in his faculty position, two or three years to start pretending, and there they go.
From the start of the pandemic on, it's show, go, show, go, show, go.
This guy has no business being there.
You know, Johns Hopkins, are you kidding me?
National Cancer Institute, you know where Lee Min Yen's in-laws work?
What's going on here other than very, very easy to connect dots?
Lee Min Yen's, yeah, her in-laws, they work at the same National Cancer Institute that this jackass worked at before he, in 2017, was set up with that article and this goofy photo.
He writes books too.
So how the frick did we get here?
I showed you yesterday this video of Devi Sridhar and I didn't really do justice to the slime that she is.
And one of the reasons why is because a lot of people don't want that energy, but I'll just be real frank.
This is one of the worst people on the planet.
She went full in on the idea that the vaccines were 100
100% safe.
And in fact, there's still evidence online of this because there's a BBC article or a CBC article where she said it and the correction is still at the bottom.
Although they don't say they're correcting Devi, I assure you they are correcting Devi.
And so this is a shout out to this Substack again, biologyphenom.substack.com.
Please go there and see the painful truth of Scotland and realize that that very well could have happened in any Western nation with a population pyramid out of balance at the top like ours was or like Scotland's definitely was.
They managed it with murder.
And so this is, did I not put the video in?
I probably did not put,
the video in because I'm a jerk.
Let me see.
No, I didn't.
So first of all, I'm going to escape here.
It's probably better anyway that I didn't yet.
So I'm going to insert this.
See, I didn't run through the slide set before I started.
And so that's how sometimes I would miss that.
Where did I do that?
Did I capture it or did I download it?
I think I just downloaded it.
And I'll have it fly in.
Where is it?
Really?
I didn't download it?
Oh, no.
I must have captured it because that was on the BBC.
There it is.
OK.
There's two videos.
That's right.
So this one will fly in.
Let's see.
Playback.
Automatically.
Animations.
Add.
Fly in.
From the left.
Animation pane.
Up here.
After previous.
With previous.
Get rid of that.
See, this is how easy it is.
If you know where you're doing and where it's going, you can do all kinds of things very quick.
So I didn't have either of these videos in there.
Now I will have them in here.
So you just see how easy it is to fly in these things.
It's not hard if you know what you're doing.
Let's see.
This one also playback automatically.
Animations add.
Fly in.
Left.
Animation pane.
You need to be up there.
And then this one would be, let's see on click.
Yeah.
And then that will be with previous.
Yes.
And so I, what I wanted to do was show this thing.
What I wanted to do is show this article.
Cause I think it's really cool.
Oops.
That's a scape here.
Let's see.
That has to be on click too.
There we go.
What I wanted to show you was this article from June of 2021.
I wonder if anybody in the chat can name anything else that happened in June of 2021.
I'll give you a couple minutes before I'll watch the chat and see if anybody gets it.
June of 2021 was a very special month.
June of 2021 was actually when Claire Craig started to talk about how
The PCR test is a lot like restaurant food, and you got trade-offs, you know, you can have speed without, you know, cheapness or expensive or some bullshit.
I don't know.
Anyway, this lady's also working really hard.
Remember, this is an American woman, apparently.
who is a faculty member.
Malone was not in Hawaii in June of 2021, I don't think.
It could have been, I thought that was later.
He was on the Brett Weinstein podcast in 2021, in June.
So she does this article, and the correction there is this article has been amended to remove a reference by a contributor that the Pfizer vaccine is 100% safe.
And this is about going to 12 and 15 year olds in June of 2021.
So this is a pretty severely shitty time in our world.
Because even though I still argue that a lot of it was placebo, where were the placebos and who didn't get them?
And so this is really an extraordinary time in our history that we cannot allow to fade into distant memory.
It has to be something we need to revisit right now.
Because 2021 was when these people started to stunt, started to stunt to try and get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
into the right position to be chosen as vice president for Donald Trump.
I mean, that's what I see.
And so this stunting, when it started in 2021, was very much mirrored by an even more grotesque, all in kind of commitment to the existence of the coronavirus, the existence of the crisis, the necessity, the obviousness to lock down, this kind of thing.
And she was really at the heart of it.
And it makes it especially scary because I'm not really sure, someone from the UK would have to tell me, does an intelligent,
American accent, well spoken, you know, with good grammar and decent vocabulary.
Does that sound intelligent to an Englishman the way that, you know, for a lot of Americans, the English, the English accent sounds intelligent?
You're going to see in the second video, they use a man and he has an accent that really, he sounds like he's doing an imitation of himself.
He's trying to do it so perfectly.
and really the vaccine is really something that I can't, he's doing it in an absurd way almost.
It doesn't sound natural.
So let's watch these two videos.
Once you've had the vaccine.
So when the Pfizer vaccine was trialed among children.
I probably moved it back here.
There we go.
Can you still spread or get COVID-19 once you've had the vaccine?
So when the Pfizer vaccine was trialed among children in the United States, they found absolutely no cases of illness in the group that received the vaccine.
And so it looks like the vaccine does protect against getting COVID-19.
Would children get any side effects if they have the vaccine?
Some children experienced similar side effects to adults.
These included fatigue, it means feeling tired, having a headache, feeling generally unwell, but these cleared within a day or two.
and it seems a small price to pay for actually being protected from the real disease when it comes.
What are the benefits and disadvantages of getting it?
The benefit of getting the vaccine is you don't need to worry about COVID-19.
It means you're likely to be able to not infect your parents, the people you live with, and your teachers.
And the downside is it's another jab, another injection into your arm, but the benefits definitely outweigh the risks.
Is it possible to make the vaccines into pills because I don't like injections?
Unfortunately, at this point, the vaccine is only available as an injection, but it really doesn't hurt too much.
Just a quick pinch into your arm the first time, and then several weeks later.
Now, what I find remarkable about this is, and I don't mean that as a pun, although it sounds like it at this point, is that if you look at Mark's work, you'll find that one of the motivations for going to the use of hypodermic needles for vaccination was because it hurt a lot less than any kind of cutaneous thing.
Scraping and scratching the skin in order to inoculate somebody was not a nice process.
And even injecting in the skin can be quite painful.
And so injecting in the muscle where there are less nerves, and certainly not the kinds of nerves that are present in the skin, greatly reduces the discomfort, even if, you know, it spreads out the disaster over, you know, weeks to months.
Second one, and then you're fully protected.
When will Keds start to get the vaccine?
The Pfizer vaccine has been approved now in the UK as being safe and effective.
And the question now is, when will children get it?
It looks likely to be once people in their 20s are done, people in their 30s, that will move down to younger age groups.
And so the next group to get it after those in their 20s will be those who are 12 and older, probably starting with vulnerable children first.
Why won't 11-year-olds and under be able to have it yet?
Those younger than 12 won't get the vaccine yet because it hasn't yet been trialed in children under 12.
There are trials ongoing to try to change the dosage to make it more appropriate for younger age groups.
Right now, nowhere in the world is there a vaccine that has been designated safe for children under the age of 12.
So if you scroll down in this article, there was a second video.
And so I'm going to play that second video now.
It was after all the questions like, is it safe for children?
All those things that she answered were basically bullet points with shitty pictures in this article.
And then at the bottom, there was this video.
They teach your body to look out for some kind of
What is the Pfizer vaccine and how does it actually work?
What vaccines do is they teach your body to look out for some kind of infection, usually a bacteria or a virus, so that your body has like a pre... But see, if that's on children's BBC, then this is even more dark, because as I've said too often, and it's actually quoting Thomas Sowell, there are few things more dishonourable than misleading the young.
This is gross indeed.
I didn't know what CBBC was, but I guess I could have guessed from the coloring.
and they're Y-shaped and they just bind to the bacteria or the virus and they're exactly designed to fit onto it and destroy it.
And the other great thing is they stop you spreading bugs and viruses and bacteria around.
So does this now mean that all 12 to 15-year-olds will now be vaccinated or is there still a little more work to be done?
The part of the government that regulates drugs being safe, it's very important that drugs are checked for safety, has said that the Pfizer vaccine in younger people 12 to 15 is safe and it does work, it protects you from the virus.
The next thing they have to do is go,
Should we bother doing this?
It's quite a lot of hassle.
So it's not guaranteed that you will be offered a vaccine.
And the other thing is that no one will be forced to have it.
My personal opinion is it's a good thing to have.
The more people that are vaccinated, the more we can slow the virus down, the more we can slow it down, the more that we can keep people out of hospital and look after the ones that do get poorly.
So basically,
If you have the vaccine, you're doing a generous thing.
You're looking after the grownups around you, the people you love, all the people in the world around you who are more, they're going to be more affected by getting coronavirus than you will be.
So what would you say to anyone watching now?
That's really gross, right?
You could do it for other people.
So that's really a kind of coercion that should have never, ever been on children's television.
Like that is just awful.
Wow.
who, you know, is quite scared of it.
There are a few things to remember.
The first is, it really doesn't hurt.
If you've ever bitten your cheek, stubbed your toe, trod on a piece of Lego.
So he's also in on the pain thing.
So you really see this is the thing.
Don't feel like it's going to hurt because we're going to stick it deep enough where it won't hurt.
It'll hurt less than a snake bite because a snake bite doesn't usually go all the way to your muscle.
Holy shit.
That's the honest truth.
If a bee sting went to your muscle, it would hurt less.
That's true.
It is.
Those things are painful.
In fact, the jab really doesn't hurt at all.
So there are two ways you can think about it.
One is,
Take a slow breath, calm down, tell people that you're worried about it.
That always helps.
Certainly when you go, if you're going to have it, tell the person who's giving you the vaccine, I'm a bit worried about this.
And then you can approach it in two ways.
One is you can go, I'm closing my eyes, I'm looking away, do it now, and then it'll be over.
The other thing, which I quite like, is to say, can I see the needle?
Can I see the bottle?
Where are you going to put it?
Show me what's going on, and then you'll feel a bit more in control.
Could we potentially see vaccines being offered to people under the age of 12?
I think that we've still got a lot of research to do.
Now, it has been really well tested and it's been given to tens of millions, possibly by now hundreds of millions of people worldwide.
And they were already making that argument.
Remember that very clearly.
And that argument continues to be made now that obviously it worked pretty well or there'd be a lot more people bitching.
And so we have quite a good idea about safety, but as people get younger, we have to be very careful.
Children's health is very important.
It may be useful to do.
Children's health is worth defending.
to stop it spreading even more.
That would be the main reason to do it.
But I think at the moment, I don't know the answer to that.
There's still more research to be done, but possibly.
There are going to be quite a few kids watching now who might have heard of this thing called side effects.
What does that mean?
So most drugs, most medicines, most things we put in our body do have some side effects.
They're given to make us better, but often they can make you feel a bit poorly.
If you've ever had a course of antibiotics, sometimes it gives you diarrhea, sometimes it gives you a tummy ache.
those things are called side effects a few kids watching now who might have heard of this thing called side effects what does that mean this thing called side effects holy shit these kids watching may have heard this of this thing called side effects holy shit
So most drugs, most medicines, most things we put in our body do have some side effects.
They're given to make us better, but often they can make you feel a bit poorly.
If you've ever had a course of antibiotics, sometimes it gives you diarrhea.
Sometimes it gives you a tummy ache.
Wow.
It gives you a tummy ache.
Sometimes antibiotics give you a tummy ache, but I'm not going to tell you why.
Holy shit.
You know, transfection could have some side effects that are different than a tummy ache.
You know, like a little chest problem.
Or some autoimmunity to all your blood vessels.
Or maybe some brain leakage, or I don't know what.
Holy shit!
Those things are called side effects.
The vaccines are made by lots of different companies.
So Pfizer is one of the companies.
Another famous one in the UK is the Oxford AstraZeneca vaccine.
It's a different kind of vaccine.
It works in a different way.
And that one has had some more severe side effects.
So that one is actually not at the moment approved for children.
it's not
It's not impossible to exaggerate how much information they look at.
This guy sounds like he's talking about Charles Rixey because it's impossible to exaggerate how much information he's looked at.
Like seriously, it's incredible.
Holy shit.
Hard they work to make sure the vaccines don't cause too many problems, particularly in children.
So the Pfizer vaccine has got a low side effect profile.
After the jab, you might feel a bit bluey, you might feel a bit achy and tired or a bit feverish for a day or so.
You know, it's not, it's not, it's not nothing.
But in terms of more severe, like properly dangerous side effects, I really, really don't think you have anything to worry about.
Well, Dr. Zan, thank you very much.
I feel like I'm all clued up now, so hopefully... I mean, that's even more hardcore than Malone on the beach, right?
At least Malone on the beach was kinda, sorta saying that you probably don't need it.
I mean, he's saying you'll be fine, it's great, and not only that, but you'll be doing a favor to all those people around you who are so much more vulnerable than you.
Holy mother of goodness.
When at home, we'll be just as clued up.
Wow.
So, Debbie Sridhar got called out on stage, and I have a recording of it that was also forwarded to me by the author of that substack that I'm plugging, biologyphenom.substack.com.
Listen to this.
Well, my name's Moira Brown, and I've come all the way from Brussel Ferry to ask Debbie and to her face.
I would like to know why you made the claim
in August 2021 on Twitter.
Pfizer and Moderna were over 90%.
I need to have the selection paned so that I can send you to the back.
My name is Moira Brown and I've come all the way from Brosser Ferry to ask Debbie to her face.
I would like to know why you made the claim in August 2021 on Twitter.
Pfizer and Moderna were over 90% effective at stopping infection and stopping transmission.
And the Pfizer document
In case you don't notice that she said in that tweet, she also said Delta has dropped the effectiveness of covering transmission to about 50%.
So that's a pretty remarkable claim to be making on Twitter.
And where again, it's important to realize that she's making that on Twitter.
I think that's really significant.
There's no testing against stopping transmission.
In August 2021 on Twitter,
So there you can see Delta, this has dropped to 50%.
So again, focus on the fact or see it if you can, keep it in mind that it is remarkable that around the world, around the world, it seems that this illusion was sustained by people acting on a script on Twitter.
Devi Sridhar was not also on lots of other places.
I bet she has a Substack.
And once you see that Substack, Locals, Rumble, and X are all belonging to the same people, you might see that this is all one malevolent show.
Because those people are on the same team as the other people because they're all billionaires.
It is remarkable once you see it.
Okay, remember this is a shout out to the Substack, biologyphenom.substack.com and this is Debbie Sridhar getting her clock cleaned live and I believe it's in 2022 on stage by someone in Scotland.
What happened there?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, hold on one second.
What vaccine passports everywhere.
So we'd be kept outside like dogs.
There was no test mission.
And the Pfizer document, phase one, two and three trials.
There was no testing against stopping transmission.
None.
You claimed it.
90% stop transmission and you push for vaccine passports everywhere so we'd be kept outside like dogs.
Suggesting and that's you're on STV talking about that.
So anyway I just want to know when it was never tested against stopping transmission why you made that claim?
So when you look at that claim in the paper it says it was studied
So she's saying it was stopping transmission with the wild type.
And so here they are very strictly staying on script that there is an evolution happening and that the evolution of the virus changes the way that it presents itself across populations.
changes our vulnerabilities to it.
Can even change the way that you experience the illness, whereas now we have razor blade throat or some bullshit like that.
This is an ongoing enchantment that we're supposed to pass on to our kids.
And we can't do it, but she's a part of it.
That's why she was on Children's BBC saying that it was 100% a foul correction, not 100% effective.
The new variant she said negated immunity in effect It was dr. Gregor Smith here is Tony Fauci in the state
in terms of when it was used in the real world.
So she cites Tony Fauci and other people that said that in the real trials, in the real world, it was 90% effective or whatever, 100% effective, and now it's changed.
The Scottish study in wildfires was at a stop in transmission.
It's still not being tested against stopping transmission.
You're selling vaccinations based on stopping transmission.
That's what you're doing.
For the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Who finances your global health, by the way?
I don't get funded by Bill Gates.
I don't get funded by Scottish Government.
I receive zero farm money.
I've been asking on advisory boards about six pharma companies.
I've declined.
So who pays your salary?
The University of Ezra and the Wellcome Trust.
And the Welcome Trust.
Yeah, I don't know what to say.
I mean, I know that she's a very, very bad person.
She was involved in Scotland where some of the worst crimes were committed, and definitely where some of the best evidence exists that crimes were committed.
And unfortunately, very few people are advocating for an investigation.
Very few people are looking back to it.
And that means that it's very hard to use it as an example for us to also look back to, for us to say, hey, we have to do the same in America.
Nobody in CHD, ICAN, Grace's dad, like nobody is advocating for everybody to open the records of everybody that supposedly died of COVID in their family so we can see if that's what really happened.
and find out if instead they were killed by a few of these things and give them a list.
Nobody has that handout yet.
It's actually a pretty good idea for something GigaOM Biological should do.
This is called Breaking Through by Leftover Salmon from the Nashville sessions.
I'll see you in a minute.
It's been a long, long time Holdin' on tight Holdin' on, hard climbs Breakin' down walls
whole long way never make it in this world what I heard them say now I can see the tide slowly turning wildfires of yesterday slowly burning and it feels like
Finally breaking through now All these dreams are really coming true somehow When it seemed like we were never gonna make it through the night
Somewhere in the darkness, I can see a guide light.
From a place deep down inside, a vision came to me.
Burning like the sunrise over deep blue.
in this life there's a whole lot more than just trying to survive and it seems like we're finally making through now all these dreams are really coming true somehow breaking
Breaking through
As I watch these circles start to come around And the thunder in the distance makes a mournful sound Careful what you wish for, you may never be the same
through the wilderness while the moonlight calls your name I'm finally right back where I belong feeling right where there can be no wrong and it feels like we're finally breaking through now
All these dreams are really coming true somehow.
Breaking through, breaking through now.
Breaking
I just want to make sure everybody realizes that's watching the show that this man claims to be the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project, claims to have spun off a number of companies that do sequencing technologies and sold a number of technologies and companies in his lifetime.
He lives in a pretty rich part of Boston on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean with $10,000 cats, who he also makes
homages of in the form of Hawaiian shirts with his cats on them in the bushes.
This guy is a liar.
And I say that with confidence.
He's lying about me.
He is, in a way, interfering with my ability to make a living because of his lying about me, and his lying about how the Wuhan cover-up book was written, his lying about the no-see-um technology that Barak didn't invent, his lying about virology, and his lying about the Human Genome Project.
He is one of the worst Americans alive.
And I am very, very happy to say it knowing that he's probably worth a hundred million dollars and could sneeze enough money to sue my family into oblivion because he won't, because it's the truth.
Kevin McKernan is a liar and Kevin McKernan is a traitor to American's grandchildren.
He is as shitty as Mary Holland, as shitty as Robert F. Kennedy Jr., as shitty as Robert Malone.
Now, I don't really see Brett Weinstein and his wife in that same light because I think they're much less intelligent and much more vulnerable from an ego perspective.
And they have been insulated.
They have been insulated their entire lives by being in this group of people that runs in the circles of the Kennedys.
Remember that his father was the first
intellectual property lawyer employed by the Department of Justice, and specifically in the Department of Justice of John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy.
And so it's very, very curious that we now have at the head of the HHS that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
guy.
As a fake anti-vaxxer and I will say it quite clearly.
I've taken pictures with the guy.
He is a fake anti-vaxxer He's a fake health freedom guy.
He's doing whatever he was told Would get him far and it didn't get him as far as maybe he thought it maybe he knows he's being used now maybe at this point it's just Go say this and he just does it because that's the way it works and his Hollywood wife has always done it that way So whatever it's possible
But he masqueraded for a very long time as an independent thinker.
He masqueraded for a long time as a book author.
He masqueraded for a long time as somebody that everybody in America could look up to and maybe even trust.
And so he's guilty of something especially heinous, in my humble opinion.
Just like Brian Hooker is guilty of something especially heinous because he enabled that.
In 2013 Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism to describe vaccine injury and now he does.
Just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
does and in September we can expect an explanation.
It's been a long strange trip coming to realize that there is this elaborate
well-organized, coordinated movement that is not really about health freedom, but it's about destroying the regulatory structure of America.
It's about creating a free-for-all in medicine and a free-for-all in products and in the market of regulate, just get rid of everything.
Because the idea is to fast track our transition from injecting a rather eclectic or even motley
group of substances into our children to getting serious about it and trying to find ways to interact with the genetic mechanisms that define us.
And so that's why transfection will eventually be personalized
and the vaccine schedule will be eventually personalized for us based on our genetic and medical data.
That is the goal.
That's been the goal for quite some time because the Human Genome Project has always understood that the only way that a machine learning computer algorithm could usefully augment our understanding of our own heritability process
we would need full access to humans as experimental animals because nothing useful can be learned in laboratory animals.
We can learn a lot about mice.
We might even be able to learn a lot about rodents in general or about primates in general, but the specific mechanisms that will work in humans will inevitably be specific.
And that is one of the things that in the last 30 years of investigation in our biology, that's what we've learned.
We have become very familiar with the extreme limitations of studying animal models with the intent of studying ourselves indirectly.
That turns out to be something that has been exhausted.
It's not to say that we didn't learn anything.
I mean, I've got some pretty old books over there from the late 1800s that were school books, school biology books from the Netherlands, and we have gone far since then, but relatively from the perspective of understanding how complex things are.
rather than finding a unified set of laws that helps us understand everything better.
That's really the illusion that evolution, because DNA, this bad biology presents.
And so this bullshit script is designed to coerce us into passing this bad biology onto our kids once and for all.
The same bad biology that was passed on to us.
Because we can break this illusion with a very simple statement.
whereas these people are on a six-year script of bullshit, we can break it with one simple statement that is not absurd, but actually real.
And what is that simple statement?
Well, the simple statement is that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is a methodology that originated in the late 1800s.
It's not an extremely advanced idea.
And so it almost seems as though, with a little bit of an illusion of consensus in the media and in the textbooks, what is likely to be just a bad idea has become accepted as a medical methodology.
And these people are on the perfect script
so that our children will never figure that out.
They are purposefully placed and scripted to make sure that our children don't figure out that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And it took Mark Kulak to do the research to actually show that.
And now he seems to have found information which suggests that a mass rollout of intramuscular injection in 1918 may be the real cause of the Spanish flu.
And so I want to watch this video because it's just crazy.
Subject.
And I know you've spoken on that.
Hold on one second.
Excellent guess, by the way.
I'm going to go over to the right again.
So this guy is talking.
This guy is talking on the Joe Rogan podcast.
I believe he's talking about bees and other stuff.
So he's gonna bounce around a little bit, but this is the part where he transitions into saying vaccines are a hot topic and you've had some good guests.
Now, what I'd like to point out, I'm just gonna start it over there and then I'm gonna switch back again.
Why are you being such a pain?
I'm doing something wrong here because, yeah, I'll wait.
Sometimes I think I just make some... I know vaccines are a very hot subject, and I know you've spoken on that.
You've had some excellent guests.
Some excellent guests.
Now, he's had some of the shittiest people in America on with regard to vaccines, including one Suzanne Humphreys.
Suzanne Humphreys in 2018 used to say that she didn't think there were any safe vaccines.
It wasn't possible.
But she didn't quite get to the stage where she didn't think that intramuscular injection was a good methodology.
She didn't think vaccines were any good.
So at the time when Brandy Vaughn was alive and Tony Bark was alive, she was already laying down this shitty script where vaccines are real, vaccines are a great idea, vaccines are not, intramuscular injection is not a thing.
It's like vaccines are a thing.
And vaccines can't be good or they are good or some are good.
It's all the same bullshit.
And that lady, if she would have gone on Joe Rogan and said she doesn't think there are any safe vaccines, that there can't be a safe vaccine, that they're antithetical to the way that our immune system is organized, then she would have been very, very close to saying what Brandy Vaughn was saying on the same stage as her in 2018, that we need to come to the realization that injection can't be compared to anything else, because it's so different than ingestion.
It's a terrible idea.
And Suzanne Humphreys was put in place to make sure that there was somebody there that wasn't saying that, that had an open mind about maybe there would be future vaccines, or maybe some are good, or maybe it's some part of the vaccines, when Tony and Brandy were not saying that.
And this is the extraordinary thing.
They actually stopped
Brandy and Tony from being able to make it all the way to the finish line and realize that intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea that originated in the late 1800s.
But they almost got there.
If it wasn't for Brian Hooker and for Mary Holland and for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and for James Lyons Wyler,
and for Suzanne Humphreys, who was just on the Joe Rogan Show and who he's referring to with the great guest remark.
Listen to this nonsense.
By the way, excellent guests or researchers on this.
But I just want to give a thoughtful discussion between viruses and vaccines.
Which is worse, the virus or the vaccine?
I'm a libertarian.
I believe every family, every individual has a right to make an informed decision.
The problem that I see with the vaccine industry, the industrial vac- Now he's opened the possibility for the no virus people to say, see, he accepts the virus.
He thinks that there was a virus, so then he's full of shit.
but the no virus people will never tell you that there are no viruses, therefore intramuscular injection is dumb.
They've never said it.
They won't say it.
They can't say it because if they said it, then we would get somewhere.
They stick to the provided script.
This shithead is amazing.
Complex is the failure to disclose.
I don't think Americans are stupid.
I think Americans become stupid when they're not informed.
I gotta turn on the air conditioner, holy balls.
My partner, as a physician, she goes, giving Hep B vaccines to a child makes no sense.
This is sexually transmitted disease.
Why are you giving a vaccine to a 10-year-old?
Or a baby.
And in med school, when anyone would mention that, why are we doing this, they were vilified.
Vilified, shut down.
It's like, what happened to thoughtful, good science?
It's just a reasonable question.
Money happened.
It's also these vaccine manufacturers are immune to the financial consequences of the side effects.
Absolutely.
We need to have full disclosure.
Yeah.
Now, let me go through a thought experiment.
OK.
Listen, this is my opinion.
Other people may just visually disagree with me, but let's do this.
Two thought experiments I want to do.
First one.
A million lives were saved with a vaccine.
One person dies.
Hey, you took it for the home team.
Sorry.
One person dies out of 100,000.
Still ratio is pretty good.
My mind, my judgment, sorry.
Again, you took it from the home team.
One out of 10,000, okay.
Still the ratio is pretty good, okay.
One out of 1,000, okay.
One out of 100, you're making me nervous.
One out of 10, no.
That's where I draw the line.
I would say, forget it.
Now, the contradiction that we have, the opposing forces here that we have,
is that is it better for society to have vaccinations to protect the commons or is it better for you to have an individual decision for your family to protect yourself if you want to?
If you are going to make that decision, you should have an informed decision based on the best of science.
All vaccines and all companies should disclose what is the percentage of protection.
I have a physician friend who says 30 percent protection, but I'm sick for four or five days.
I don't know.
That's not worth it.
70% protection.
Okay.
All right.
You know, so everyone has to balance the risk benefit ratio.
But we need real data to be able to make that assessment.
We need real data.
We need full disclosure.
Right.
And so radical transparency.
Do you see how stupid this is?
Wow.
I want to do the Joe Rogan.
Wow, that's great.
And for anyone to accuse another physician and vilify them because they ask a logical question and they're humiliated by the medical community is fundamentally unfair.
What happened with good science?
You have to follow the science.
And this is so important.
And that's why I think we're getting this cacophony, this echo chamber where the voices that are the loudest
tend to be the stupidest sometimes.
Or the most compromised.
Yeah, and they drown out a dissent.
Yes.
I just got a notification that I lost another monthly subscription.
Sorry to see you go, Mr. I. The letter I, I don't know who you are, but thank you for your support.
I hope that you're not leaving because you don't like what you see.
And I hope also you're leaving because you have better things to spend your money on.
And I hope it's land.
and not Bitcoin or gold.
Anyway, good luck to you and thank you for your support.
We all should be able to ask for the data and the information to make an individual decision.
And science shouldn't be this ideological or ideologically captured thing.
That's why I hate the term anti-vaxxers.
I think it's a pejorative term.
I think it's prejudiced.
Can you see how it's a hamster wheel?
Is it really that you're going to go on Joe Rogan and think that you're talking in an insightful way by saying that I really hate the term anti-vaxxer?
It's kind of a pejorative.
This is a joke.
This is an absolute joke.
They think you're stupid.
They know you're gonna watch, or not you, but they know that people are gonna watch this shit and drink it up.
It's remarkable.
We are being governed by podcasts.
What about people who just want to have information?
Oh, you're an anti-vaxxer.
Yeah.
Well, it's pushed just to scare people into compliance.
And that's the whole idea.
But having these pejoratives and throw them around and no one wants to be labeled that.
So you immediately get scared.
But enhancing innate immunity and healthy individuals to keep us healthy.
Yeah.
How could that be bad?
That's better.
Exactly.
Well, that's the other problem that I had with the pandemic in general, is that metabolic health was never discussed.
It was always, there's only one way out of this.
And having conversations with people that you could see, like visually look at them, does not a metabolically healthy person.
And these people are telling you the only way to health is through a medicine that they are financially incentivized to push.
That's just crazy.
And when those are the prominent voices that are on television and the media, and you're getting this from politicians, and then on top of that, you've literally have the federal government censoring social media and not allowing people to have dissenting opinions, including people from Harvard and MIT and all the people in the Great Barrington Study.
Why don't we have an open source national database
showing the protection of vaccines and the risk of not getting one so individuals can make it an open source public database i mean what the hell is he talking about why isn't joe like shut up dude you're an idiot decision right age related all these other factors the data is there
Not making that data available to the public increases distrust.
And so what the medical community has unfortunately done is they've bred a bunch of dissenters by not giving full access to the information.
Well, I think that really heightened during the pandemic, because I don't think people had that much of a distrust for vaccines unless they knew someone who was vaccine injured, unless they were gaslit and were told that their child or someone else that had gotten vaccine injured, that that was not the cause of it.
And those are the people that were very skeptical, and they formed these tight communities, but they were very scared to be open and public about it because they were destroyed.
You know, I famously remember Jenny McCarthy coming out and saying that she believes her child was vaccine injured.
And the backlash was spectacular.
It essentially destroyed her career.
Well, and it won experiments.
So Jenny McCarthy is the one we're supposed to worry about.
Next thing you know, he's going to tell us, wow, I mean, one who really suffered is this guy, Andrew Wakefield.
Holy shit.
Always like, did it really happen?
Or was it just a co-occurrence of some other factor that combined with the event of the vaccination?
I mean, this is where you need to have high population studies, but those studies are available.
Why they're cloaked in secrecy and why are they not made available?
It's money.
I mean, the financial interest is astounding.
The amount of money that's involved in it and the amount of money that they spend every year.
They spend $8 billion.
The pharmaceutical drug industry spends $8 billion just on advertising and on propaganda every year.
That's so much money.
And they spend so much money on television networks.
I mean, how many times has Anderson Cooper brought to you by Pfizer?
You see these ads and that shapes the narrative, unfortunately.
It does.
Let me, again, let's be clear from my point of view, vaccines have done a lot of benefit, but they don't benefit everyone all the time.
Not all vaccines are the same.
So just like Brett Weinstein, you know, they've done a lot of good, but they've done a lot of good, you know, but they're just all different.
And, you know, people are different and vaccines are different.
And James Lyons Weiler knows it's a combination of environmental and holy shit.
to be able to delineate a thoughtful scientific method with disclosed information that's accessible to everyone so you can make the best judgment for yourself and your family.
that they're gonna just jack up the amount that they give people because there's profit in that, unfortunately.
And then there are vaccines that are beneficial.
Let's find out which ones they are.
What can be mitigated in terms of like, how can you make your overall metabolic health better before you even think about any of these things?
We know for a fact that during the COVID crisis in particular, the people that had the most problem with it were the people that had comorbidities.
or people that were obese, people that had all sorts of issues going on because of poor diet, poor lifestyle choices, and even, you know, genetic problems.
Yeah, one of the immunologists we were working with told me something I didn't know, is that, are you immunocompromised or immunodepressed?
Vaccines don't work very well.
So they become those people become ha ha that's also right when you're when you're sick or immunodepressed That's also when you shouldn't get vaccines because then you could really get autism You know, like if you get a vaccine when you have an ear infection, right Suzanne from mutation, right?
Which is the argument for why you don't give it to children with their babies because their immune system isn't even functional yet Yeah, I'm
Again, the Hep B one is a pretty clear example.
That's a nutty one.
There's a bunch of nutty ones.
But the point is the vaccine schedule.
If you look at what we used to take and you look at what happened when they lost their liability during the Reagan administration, all of a sudden the schedule goes way up.
And they started adding things like Hep B. And then you realize, oh, it's very profitable to do that.
Imagine how much more money you make if you're injecting everybody with a Hep B vaccine if you sell Hep B vaccines.
It's just simple mathematics.
I also have met people in the pharma industry who are extremely well-intended, who are great scientists.
But the scientists aren't the issue, right?
They've also confessed to me that they face this humiliation of being ostracized for just asking questions.
But again, full disclosure.
Let people make up their own minds.
What's the cost-benefit ratio?
No frickin' progress since, like, ever.
Since 2000.
No progress at all.
Nothing.
Zero, zippo, zilch.
No progress with these assholes.
And Joe Rogan certainly hasn't learned anything, because he's not pushing back against this guy at all.
Is it one out of a million, one out of 10?
You should have to show all the studies too.
You shouldn't just show the curated studies that you generated specifically with the goal of making an efficacy, like having a result that shows that this is effective.
If you do 10 studies, you should show all 10 studies.
Yeah, well, actually, that's why clinicaltrials.gov exists, is that we're cherry-picking, doing studies in Bulgaria and India and Taiwan, and the pharma would choose the clinical study that supported their narrative.
Exactly, exactly.
And then they could use deceptive language to show the efficacy.
But what I'm getting at is that we have such a reservoir of potential
ways of supporting immunity in healthy individuals in nature.
Right.
That is not pharma based.
That's based on the entourage effect.
And so when you activate the receptors in your immune system, that's something beneficial.
I believe there's crosstalk between the receptors.
The receptors are, oh, something really good is coming down the pipe.
He believes there's crosstalk between the receptors when something good comes into the system.
He believes that.
What in the Sam shithell is this?
Other than stupid.
I mean, come on, come on, come on.
And this is how we got fooled.
This is how we got fooled to solve this Scooby-Doo mystery of the lab leak.
That's how we got fooled into accepting PCR as a standard.
That's how we got fooled into accepting sequencing as evidence of a phylogenetic tree and evolution of a virus.
And we got told that there was an evolving virus by people like Devi Sridhar and Kevin McKernan.
and freaking Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey.
And they started creating an entrepreneurship factor as a collaboration.
The only reason why I'm mentioning Kevin McCarron and Charles Rixey is because I kind of assume that they only get paid if I mention them.
And so I just don't want to see anything bad happen to their unwitting, participating families.
And so every once in a while, I leave the slides in.
Every once in a while, I say their name.
I understand that nobody knows who they are.
I understand their biggest moment in the
in the entire pandemic was when Kevin McKernan mentioned Charles Rixey on that Danny Jones podcast.
That was like, you know, his moment.
So, you know, whatever.
more receptors are activated that have collaterally more benefits.
And so that goes to the homeostasis and the uplifting of the homeostasis of the immune system that is a higher ready state of being able to respond.
And then conventional medicine can work better by using conventional medicine.
Oh, conventional medicine then works better if we do it right.
Oh, boy, is that awesome.
It's a non-immunocompromised individual asking their immune system to respond.
It's an uphill battle.
Right.
Yeah.
It's interesting, too, that natural remedies are automatically dismissed by people who think of themselves as intelligent, science-based people.
Well, look at artemiscin.
But isn't it weird, though, that we dismiss it, but if you really understand what
Wow.
So we're supposed to believe that these two jackasses, and Jay Bhattacharya, and Robert Malone, and Kevin McKernan, and Jessica Rose, and Meryl Nass, and Mary Holland, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., despite paying me for more than a year and a half, really don't understand the idea that on a background of irreducibly complex genetic signals, these shitheads lied to us, and used an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality
an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality to kind of cue off a sort of bait-and-switch with very simple and ineffective PCR tests to take a background signal and call it spread in order to have an excuse to manage this problem that they saw coming for decades.
And why not get on that bandwagon and see if you can become Vice President of the United States?
Because that's exactly what they did with CHD and ICANN and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And that's the exact reason why Tony Lyons and Del Bigtree were both intimately involved both in his campaign and in the Maha movement now.
Because it was all one malevolent show.
From the very beginning, as described in the Jesse Ventura book from 2018, Do Not Start the Revolution Without Me, in the last part of the book, the epilogue,
You hear a story about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
running for president as an independent, but then being taken as vice president by the then-leading candidate, Jesse Ventura, who gets shot and makes Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
president of the United States.
And it sounds like Tony Lyons and Steve Bannon and Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Del Bigtree got really close, but not quite, to that story actually happening.
Isn't that weird?
Anyway, these same people, who are seemingly unaware of an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that might be available to be sculpted using manslaughter and lies, have also conveniently not been able to assemble a list of best-case scenario for how you got killed in the hospital, and in fact have orchestrated the obfuscation of this easy-to-assemble list by using Grace Yara's dad to fail at exemplifying it.
And so the 600,000, 700,000 opioid deaths that have occurred in the last six years are being ignored for their contribution to this math.
The contribution of supplementary oxygen at the beginning of the pandemic for the first two years in orchestrating this rise in pneumonia
that should have been treated with antibiotics but wasn't because it was viral.
And the mass illusion around the healthcare world now that there is such a thing as a viral pneumonia that is inappropriate to treat with antibiotics.
That is a danger that still exists right now because of all these people who have not seen it and dispelled it.
just like this myth still exists, that racism and viruses can be endemic if you're not careful.
And so we've got to control them both.
And they made this transfection safe, ladies and gentlemen, by just rolling out a bunch of placebo.
And that's why they have a bunch of ex-pharma executives out there not mentioning that obvious choice from Mike Yeadon to Sasha Latupova to Jonathan Engler to
All of these people are ex-pharma executives, and if you're using their tests to find their ghosts, then their ghosts are not real, and you are not a Ghostbuster.
You're a shithead who fell for it.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's the air conditioner in the background.
This is for all the marbles, for the grandchildren of Earth.
It's Friday, but I don't think I'm taking the weekend off.
We will see how I feel and how things go for the rest of the day.
If I have a good day at the gym, it's hard for me to imagine I'm going to be taking the weekend off.
I'm going to take the dogs out.
I'm going to enjoy some sun.
I hope this was a suitable broadcast for you.
11 of July, 2025.
Ladies and gentlemen, don't forget, interoscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always dangerous and viruses are not pattern integrities.
These are the shitheads I'm talking about.
These people are the scripted liars.
The scripted liars that have sold us out.
And these are the people that we need to cancel.
They need to be canceled.
They need to be publicly embarrassed and they should be publicly embarrassed for the rest of their life.
I don't think Byron Bridle is a bad guy, but Byron Bridle is a weak point that he needs to realize how badly they used it.
Then he needs to realize why Robert Malone went on the Brett Weinstein podcast in the first place was to stand in front of Byron Bridle.
So if Byram can't wake up soon, then he's on this list as well.
Maybe you can send this little clip to Byram.
I still have, I still have hope for him.
But you know, these people were all on this paper together on May, in 2025, May 30th.
Robert Malone, Steve Hadfield, Jessica Rose, Harvey Reich, Tess Laurie, and Claire Craig.
They're all traitors, ladies and gentlemen.
They're all traitors.
My name's Jonathan Cui.
You can find my work on PubMed.
You can also find my work in the Wuhan cover-up book.
You can also find, well, send an email to the director of NIH and see if he remembers who I am.
I also got a couple YouTube channels.
I'm currently streaming on the first one, JC on a Bike.
Thank you very much for being here.
The way this works is that people share this and that gets the word out.
And the other way it works is that people support the stream by going to GigaOMBiological.com and finding a way to do so.
If you would do that, that would really help a lot.
Thank you very much.
I hate to beg for money.
But that's the way this works.
I don't have a lucrative sub stack I don't have anybody paying me except for the people that appreciate this work Thank you very much for being here, and I will see you again soon soon soon probably tomorrow Yeah